README.md, before:

# Community Tools

This is repository functions as a registry of tools for working with EntryScape. The tools consists of material sourced from the company MetaSolutions, as well as contributions made by the community. Contributions are welcome and can be made via pull requests.

## MetaSolutions

### Taskrunner API

[API](https://swagger.entryscape.com/?url=https://docs.entryscape.com/en/taskrunner/swagger.json#/info) designed for automation of various tasks. See also the [documentation](https://docs.entryscape.com/en/taskrunner/).

### Distribution update

This repository contains utility methods for manipulating distributions in an data catalog maintained in EntryScapes backend EntryStore. Code and documentation on [Bitbucket.com](https://bitbucket.org/metasolutions/distribution-update/src/master/).

### EntryStore examples and techniques

In this repository we give 9 basic examples of how to interact with the EntryStore REST API. The examples are implemented in several different programming languages. Link to code and documentation on [Bitbucket.com](https://bitbucket.org/metasolutions/entrystore-examples/src/master/).

## Community

### EntryScape-tools

[EntryScape-tools](https://github.com/crilleaz/EntryScape-tools) is a compilation of scripts made by [Crille](https://github.com/crilleaz/). It can be used to interact with an instance of EntryScape for updating datasets and distribution files using the Taskrunner API.

### FME Script Examples

A [repository](https://gitlab.com/entryscape/fme-script-examples) containing examples of FME scripts for working with the EntryScape API.

## Other useful links

### EntryStore API

EntryStore is the reference implementation of the Resource and Metadata Management Model (ReM3). An [API](https://entrystore.org/api/) designed for communication with the backend of EntryScape. See also the [documentation](https://entrystore.org/).

Commit message:

Update README.md with contribution from Canton Zug in Switzerland

README.md, after:

# Community Tools

This is repository functions as a registry of tools for working with EntryScape. The tools consists of material sourced from the company MetaSolutions, as well as contributions made by the community. Contributions are welcome and can be made via pull requests.

## MetaSolutions

### Taskrunner API

[API](https://swagger.entryscape.com/?url=https://docs.entryscape.com/en/taskrunner/swagger.json#/info) designed for automation of various tasks. See also the [documentation](https://docs.entryscape.com/en/taskrunner/).

### Distribution update

This repository contains utility methods for manipulating distributions in an data catalog maintained in EntryScapes backend EntryStore. Code and documentation on [Bitbucket.com](https://bitbucket.org/metasolutions/distribution-update/src/master/).

### EntryStore examples and techniques

In this repository we give 9 basic examples of how to interact with the EntryStore REST API. The examples are implemented in several different programming languages. Link to code and documentation on [Bitbucket.com](https://bitbucket.org/metasolutions/entrystore-examples/src/master/).

## Community

### EntryScape-tools

[EntryScape-tools](https://github.com/crilleaz/EntryScape-tools) is a compilation of scripts made by [Crille](https://github.com/crilleaz/). It can be used to interact with an instance of EntryScape for updating datasets and distribution files using the Taskrunner API.

### FME Script Examples

A [repository](https://gitlab.com/entryscape/fme-script-examples) containing examples of FME scripts for working with the EntryScape API.

### FME Workspace - Replace/update files in your EntryScape catalog

This [FME-Workspace](https://github.com/statistikZG/opendatazug/tree/Entryscape) helps you replace/update files on your Entryscape cataloge. It is as parameterized as far as possible, so you only need to specify the neccessary input variables.

## Other useful links

### EntryStore API

EntryStore is the reference implementation of the Resource and Metadata Management Model (ReM3). An [API](https://entrystore.org/api/) designed for communication with the backend of EntryScape. See also the [documentation](https://entrystore.org/).
